README.md, before:

#SharpFont.HarfBuzz
###Cross-platform HarfBuzz bindings for C&#35;

##Quick Start

###NuGet
SharpFont.HarfBuzz is not yet listed on NuGet. Stay tuned!

###From Source
1. Clone the repository to your computer.
  - If pulling, **make sure you update submodules** `git submodule update --init --recursive`
2. Compile the SharpFont submodule in Release mode. The submodule is located in the [Dependencies](https://github.com/Robmaister/SharpFont.HarfBuzz/tree/master/Dependencies) folder.

##License

SharpFont.HarfBuzz is licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/Robmaister/SharpFont.HarfBuzz/blob/master/LICENSE).

```
Copyright (c) 2014 Robert Rouhani <robert.rouhani@gmail.com> and other contributors (see CONTRIBUTORS file).

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
```

Commit message:

Fixed #6 by automating SharpFont build
Updated SharpFont submodule
Changed directory structure to match SharpFont's

README.md, after:

#SharpFont.HarfBuzz
###Cross-platform HarfBuzz bindings for C&#35;

##Quick Start

###NuGet
SharpFont.HarfBuzz is not yet listed on NuGet. Stay tuned!

###From Source
1. Clone the repository to your computer.
  - If pulling, **make sure you update submodules** `git submodule update --init --recursive`
2. Compile SharpFont.HarfBuzz.sln, located in the Source directory.

##License

SharpFont.HarfBuzz is licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/Robmaister/SharpFont.HarfBuzz/blob/master/LICENSE).

```
Copyright (c) 2014 Robert Rouhani <robert.rouhani@gmail.com> and other contributors (see CONTRIBUTORS file).

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
```
